1st Week at IITP:

Well, the first two days just flew by due to long orientation periods and boring lectures. Then slowly I started blending in and looking around. It was a long time since I rode a cycle tho. So in the late evenings and early mornings of the third and the fourth day, I explored the campus with my two friends (also from patna) on bicycle. Again the next few days flew by due to all the orientation stuff going on and during that period I did make quite a few friends from different parts of India as well. As for about the pronite, I went there at around 9:30 pm, just to take a look at what was going on but I ended up terribly bored because the DJ had not yet started and there was nothing else fun there. It was just food and boring games. Shooting and paisa double and stuff. So I stayed there for one more hour in hope of getting something out of the DJ, meanwhile playing mini militia with friends. When the DJ started, I was quite hyped up bt then realzed it was just some stupid girl standing on the stage and singing along with the DJ music. I don't know about her singing, but I sure know that she had very high thoughts about herself. The crowd went wild on seeing her(I really have no idea why) and when the music started, I couldn't feel the beat inside me. When I hear good beats, I can feel it in my veins, then I don't need to dance, my hands and legs fly out autmoatically, but this DJ really lacked that, and still the crowd was cheering and jumping to don't-know-what. Moreover, rather than trying to enjoy whatever we had, everyone was busy recording the girl on stage. I asked my friend why they were ALL doing that, as only one recording would suffice and could be circulated, then he told me that everyone had to share their "unique" joyous night on insta, and that's why. However genuine that reason be, I felt it was really stupid to do that. Still trying to dance at least a little, I struggled for another hour but the music deteriorated and finally at 11:30 I gave up and returned to my room, hoping to get some better music in bigger fests like anvesha in the future.
